mongoDB branching test (#15400)
newrelic/docs-website: src/install/mongodb/intro.mdx

---
headingText: Before we start
componentType: default
---

import infrastructureMongoDashboardCropped from 'images/infrastructure_screenshot-crop_mongodb-dashboard-cropped.webp'

> Our MongoDB integration collects and sends metrics from your MongoDB database to our platform, where you can monitor throughput, collection size, connections, indexes, and more

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our MongoDB integration collects and sends metrics from your MongoDB database to our platform, where you can monitor throughput, collection size, connections, indexes, and more.
```

> Our MongoDB integration collects and sends metrics from your MongoDB database to our platform, where you can monitor throughput, collection size, connections, indexes, and more
> 
> With this data, you can use New Relic to create alerts when throughput spikes, create dashboards to monitor collection size, and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Gain deep insights into MongoDB performance with seamless data integration into New Relic. Monitor key metrics like throughput, collection size, connections, and indexes effortlessly, all within our powerful platform. Create alerts to stay ahead of spikes, build custom dashboards for tailored views, and proactively optimize your database monitoring.
```

Consider rewriting this intro (something like this ^) to avoid having two ", and more..." sentences.

<img
  title="MongoDB quickstart dashboard"
  alt="Image of the dashboard available through the MongoDB quickstart"
  src={infrastructureMongoDashboardCropped}
/>

<figcaption>
  Dashboard installed through the [New Relic MongoDB Monitor quickstart](https://newrelic.com/instant-observability/mongodb-prometheus).

> </figcaption>

Reviewer: I'd consider removing the quickstart link. From a reader perspective, I want to click that link before even getting to the installation steps in this doc. It makes me not sure if I should follow the steps in the doc or go straight to the UI. If your goal is to first push for the guided install, I'd remove it out of the image caption and make it more prominent.

> To get the most out of this page, select the installation method that fits your environment. You need a [New Relic account](https://newrelic.com/signup) to finish the installation process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get the most out of this page, select the installation method that fits your environment. You need a [New Relic account](https://newrelic.com/signup) before starting the installation process.
```
